Fix a few stale Datasets documentation in AIR (#27623)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-air/check-ingest.rst

* **Batch delay**: Time the trainer spents waiting for the next data batch to be fetched. Ideally
  this value is as close to zero as possible. If it is too high, Ray may be spending too much time

>   downloading data from remote node for the trainer node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  downloading data from remote nodes to the trainer node.
```

**Autoscaling**: We generally recommend first trying out AIR training with a fixed size cluster. This makes it easier to understand and debug issues. Autoscaling can be enabled after you are happy with performance to autoscale experiment sweeps with Tune, etc. We also recommend starting with autoscaling with a single node type. Autoscaling with hetereogeneous clusters can optimize costs, but may complicate performance debugging.

> **Partitioning**: By default, Datasets will automatically select the read parallelism based on the current cluster size and number of files. If you run into out-of-memory errors during preprocessing, consider increasing the number of blocks to reduce their size. To increase the max number of partitions, you can mannually set the ``parallelism`` option when calling ``ray.data.read_*()``. To change the number of partitions at runtime, use ``ds.repartition(N)``. As a rule of thumb, blocks should be not more than 1-2GiB each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Partitioning**: By default, Datasets will automatically select the read parallelism based on the current cluster size and number of files. If you run into out-of-memory errors during preprocessing, consider increasing the number of blocks to reduce their size. To increase the max number of partitions, you can manually set the ``parallelism`` option when calling ``ray.data.read_*()``. To change the number of partitions at runtime, use ``ds.repartition(N)``. As a rule of thumb, blocks should be no more than 1-2GiB each.
```
